1. Create a basic application
Your 6 year old client needs an application that will receive an integer from the user banging on the keyboard, add 5 to it, double it, subtract 7 from it, and display the result to the screen.

Prompt user for input a number
Get Number and store in x
Calculate result = (x +5 ) * 2  - 7
Display result

2. Add three numbers and print the total

His little sister now wants a program to read three numbers, add them together and print their total.
Prompt user for input three numbers
Store first input into a
Store second input into b
Store third input into c
Calculate sum = a + b + c
Display sum

3. Find the average score
A program is needed to prompt the user operator for ten exam scores, calculate the average score and display the result to the screen. The average score is calculated as the sum of the scores divided by the number of scores.

Set numberOfScores to Zero and sum to zero
DOWHILE numberOfScores < 10
	Prompt user for input
	Get number and add in the result
Add 1 to numberOfScores
ENDDO
Calculate average = sum / numberOfScores
Display average

4. How much water runs off the roof
How much water runs off a roof in a rain storm?
To calculate the runoff from any given rainfall: Take the dimensions of the footprint of the roof and convert them to inches. (So, a 50' x 20' roof is 600" x 240"). Multiply the roof dimensions by the number of inches of rainfall. In this example, 600" x 240" x 1" = 144,000 cubic inches of water. Divide that result by 231 to get the number of gallons (because 1 gallon = 231 cubic inches). (144,000/231 = 623.38).
Write the pseudocode for the above problem. If you use the numbers provided in the example then the correct pseudocode will calculate the same result.

Prompt user for input length
Multiply first input by 12 and store into length
Prompt user for input width
Multiply second input by 12 and store into width
Prompt user for inchesOfRainfall
store them into inchesOfRainfall
Calculate result = (length * width * inchesOfRainfall )/231
Display result


